in 2020 human boxers are replaced by
robots
charlie kenton a former boxer owns
ambush
but loses it in a fight against a bull
belonging to promoter and carnival owner
ricky
having bet with ricky that ambush would
win charlie absconds before ricky can
collect
after the fight charlie learns that his
ex-girlfriend died and he must attend a
hearing deciding the future of their son
max with whom charlie has virtually no
contact since max was born
max's maternal aunt deborah and her
wealthy husband
marvin want full custody which charlie
not really an ideal father
bargains for 100 000 half in advance
with marvin negotiating that charlie
retains max for
three months while marvin and deborah go
on vacation
settling into a gym owned by bayley
tollett the daughter of charlie's former
boxing coach
charlie acquires the once famous noisy
boy but it is destroyed in a subsequent
fight against midas
as charlie and robot boxing fan max
attempt to scavenge parts from a
junkyard to make a new robot
max discovers atom an obsolete but
intact sparring robot designed to
withstand severe damage
and which is capable of mirroring
handler movements and storing them in
its memory due to its rare shadow
function
at max's behest charlie pits adam
against metro
whom adam overcomes max programs noisy
boy's vocal respond controls in adam and
convinces charlie to help him with
adam's fighting move memory
this results in a series of victories
culminating in charlie being offered a
fight in world robot boxing
pitting adam against national champion
twin cities
the fight starts with adam on the attack
but twin cities easily takes the
offensive
charlie notices a hitch whenever twin
cities throws a right punch
and using this charlie controls adam to
a win by knockout
elated by their success max challenges
undefeated global champion zeus
with the audience squarely on their side
after the fight
ricky and his two henchmen attack
charlie for bailing earlier and rob him
of their winnings
prompting a defeated and dejected
charlie to return max to deborah
this upsets max and when charlie tries
to convince him that living without him
is better for max
max says he always wanted charlie to
fight for him and be there as a father
after max leaves charlie returns to
tallett's gym
while talking with bayley about the
events the two kiss
revealing their attraction to each other
persuaded by bayley
charlie arranges the zeus challenge max
wanted and convinces deborah to allow
max to witness the fight
zeus dominates early knocking adam down
with its first punch
adam continues to get back up despite
zeus punishment
adam survives the first round stunning
the audience
ricky who had made a 100 000 bet with
finn
a friend of charlie's that adam would
not last the first round
tries to slip away but is cornered by
the fights bookmakers
meanwhile in the ring adam lands
multiple punches but continues to be
knocked down repeatedly
late in the fourth round adam's vocal
respond controls are damaged
forcing charlie to use its shadow
function to make adam mimic his boxing
skills
zeus programmers are unable to
compensate forcing the designer
tak mashido to take control like charlie
has
zeus is given a sound beating once even
hitting the ground and barely avoiding
losing by knockout
but wins the match by number of hits
since adam could not beat it within the
limit of five rounds
zeus remains undefeated but adam is
triumphantly labeled the people's
champion just as mashido and the rest of
the group leave humiliated
[Music]
you